[bikeshedding] adjusted status page layout (#1655)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/status.md

## {{% param title %}}

> OpenTelemetry is made up of several components, each having different meanings
> for "status". For example, the status of a signal in the specification may not
> be the same as its status in a particular language SDK.

Reviewer: Oh! I don't really like the phrase _each having different meanings for "status"._

Hmm, after think about this for a bit, ... how about:

```suggestion
OpenTelemetry is made up of [several components][main-comp], some
language-specific and others language-agnostic. When looking for a status, make
sure to look for the status from the right component page. For example, the
status of a signal in the specification may not be the same as the signal status
in a particular language SDK.
```

> The development status, or maturity level, of the [per-language
> SDKs](/docs/instrumentation/) is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the development status, or maturity level, of a [language
SDK](/docs/instrumentation/), see the status section of that language:
```

</div>

> The development status, or maturity level, of the [language-agnostic
> components][main-comp] are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The development status, or maturity level, of the [collector](/docs/collector/) and [specification](/docs/reference/specification/) are as follows:
```

</div>

> The development status, or maturity level, of the [collector](/docs/collector/) and [specification](/docs/reference/specification/) are as follows:

Reviewer 2: Can we replace this as well with a similar wording as above:

> For the development status, or maturity level, of the [collector](/docs/collector/) and [specification](/dosc/reference/specification/), see the status section pages:

Reviewer: Hmm, that wording doesn't quite work (the collector has a status _section_, but the spec doesn't -- the entire page is dedicated to its status). How about:

> For the development status, or maturity level, of the [collector](/docs/collector/) and [specification](/docs/reference/specification/), see the following:

Author: @chalin I went with your suggestion.
